- 👋 Hi, I’m @ironthunder56
- 👀 I’m interested in ...Any web-based UI system that can make life easier the call center employees I work with. Front end, back end, middleware, I want to master everything that helps me get something done.

- 🌱 I’m currently learning ... TypeScript, mostly. My team's weapons of choice are Angular and Firebase.  So I use Angular for the front end, Firestore for data, and Firebase Cloud Functions for the back end.  Anything and everything that ties into that system, I'm interested in.  Postmark.  Kickbox. Twilio. Papa. Material.

- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ... nothing in particular, but I'm open to collaborating on anything fun!

- My recent projects: 
Monster Mailer - One of our teams periodically needs to send an informational email to close a prospect. One panel of the Monster Mailer lets a team member pick from a list of templates, modify a few variables to suit the conversation, and send a customized email to that prospect.  They can also create new HTML templates, and insert a small preset of variables whereever they'd like.  But wait, there's more!  We also need to send large volumes of emails to guests or prospects from time to time. I used a custom |||variable||| marker to allow users to insert variables of any number and shape into their templates.  Then they can upload a CSV of several thousand email addresses and columns that match |||variable||| names set up in their template.  The back end validates the emails for deliverability, applies variables to the templates, and sends the emails in batches of 500.

Confirmations UI - One of our teams calls guests who are arriving within a set timeframe to confirm arrival. They used several different systems to access guest information and track efficiency. The arriving guests are updated daily in a report from our billing system. I made a custom dialer interface that divided guests into three different campaigns, tracks when they've been worked that day, and records the team member's notes and logged details. It also allows them to schedule callbacks and ensures that the scheduled callback is the next lead presented after its time has elapsed. I then wrote a function to reach into an email box and swap out the "leads" daily so that our team is always in sync with the most recent data. Reporting tracks a variety of results over a selectable range of time. Management allows the department manager to handle users, dispositions, and how many days to rest "leads" between calls. Audits allows the department manager to drill down and search specific dispositions by a variety of fields. The disposition data is "compressed" into Firestore files just under 1MB in size so that searching the MTD data doesn't read 50,000 documents. I've since learned some things to improve this system, but it works well.

Referral Dialer - One of our teams calls prospects who are referred by guests who have purchased. Our existing dialer system did not allow for referrals to be grouped by referee or leave referee-level notes. The callback system was also lacking for them.  I used the foundations of the Confirmations UI to make a Chrome-based dialer UI to meet their specific leads. Instead of working leads once and forgetting about them, the Referral Dialer cycles through leads based on their callable timetamp. So that each guest has a personalized touch, new leads are divided (by referee) into different campaigns so that each user will never touch the other users' prospects. In addition to callbacks and notes, the Referral Dialer allows users to swap between referees and see all of the people they've referred at a glance. They can also add new referrals for each referee and even create a new referee if needed. Furthermore, all referral leads are searchable by name and all referees are searchable by phone number.  This was put together over the space of a week and a half, and has not (yet at least) been given a separate reporting interface. However, it was my first foray into giving each user a separate username and building an admin portal based on an admin login.

The Framework and SDK - My current projects.  User / password has been upgraded into full-scale backend authentication. The Framework is a complex system that will allow us to quickly deploy any linear process-based app using the same modular code. Questions in the app are configurable by an admin portal, including variables that can be substituted with that user's specific data. Think building Google Forms, but with more options. Reporting is baked in. Access levels can be managed. There's a lot to it, and the most recent addition is an SDK that operates between the back end and our CRM to allow us to programmatically access guest data from the billing system...while ensuring that it is utterly and thoroughly inaccessible to outside users. 

Stay tuned for more!


- 📫 How to reach me ...  If you'd like to reach me, feel free to shoot me an email at stillventures17@gmail.com.  If I don't reply, try again!  No bots please. :)

<!---
ironthunder56/ironthunder56 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
